Add feature pages for the REST API (resources and attestation) (#76)
confidential-containers/confidentialcontainers.org: content/en/docs/features/get-resource.md

---
title: Get Secret Resources 
date: 2025-01-08
description: Workloads that request resources from Trustee 
categories:
- feature 
tags:
- resources 
---

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
Requesting secret resources depends on attestation.
[Configure attestation](../attestation) before requesting resources
{{% /alert %}}

> While [sealed secrets](../sealed-secrets) can be used to connect unmodified workloads
> to resources from Trustee,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While [sealed secrets](../sealed-secrets) can be used to store secret resources encrypted as Kubernetes `Secrets` and have them transparently decrypted using keys from Trustee,
```

a workload can also explicitly request resources via a REST API
that is automatically exposed to the pod network namespace.

For example, you can run this command from your container.
```bash

> curl http://127.0.0.1:8006/cdh/resource/default/key/1

Reviewer 2: Can You add additional information about how to create such resource i.e.:
https://github.com/confidential-containers/trustee/blob/main/kbs/docs/resource_storage_backend.md

and information about corresponding config section:

```toml
[[plugins]]
name = "resource"
type = "LocalFs"
dir_path = "/opt/confidential-containers/kbs/repository"
```

Author: Setting up resources is out of scope for individual features. The attestation section should describe how to do this rather than repeating it for every feature that relies on attestation.
